Update release-faq.rst (#3276)
mattermost/docs: source/process/release-faq.rst

> **Q: How is cherry-picking done?**

Author: Needs an answer.

Reviewer: Can link to https://developers.mattermost.com/contribute/getting-started/branching/.

Author: Done. :)

- A: TBD

**Q: What is community.mattermost kept on?**
 

> - A: For Feature releases community.mattermost is kept on the RCs. For Bug fix releases keep it on master.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A: For Feature releases community.mattermost is kept on the RCs. For Quality releases keep it on master.
```

**Q: Is an improvement a feature or a bug?**

- A: Usually features/story tickets.
 
**Q: How does release team monitor what changes went into a release?**

- A: Monitor the commit history of the respective release branch, e.g., https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-server/commits/release-5.4 contains commits that shipped with mattermost-server v5.4. Jira ticket is resolved after cherry picking is done.

**Q: What changes were made to the dev release process to account for the rotating feature and quality releases? https://developers.mattermost.com/internal/release-process/**

- A: PR with changes was merged `here <https://github.com/mattermost/mattermost-developer-documentation/pull/182>`__.

**Q: What changes were made to the team release process to account for the rotating feature and quality releases? https://docs.mattermost.com/process/release-process.html**

> - A: Separate checklists for `Bug fix release <https://docs.mattermost.com/process/bug-fix-release.html>`__ and `Feature release <https://docs.mattermost.com/process/feature-release.html>`__ were created.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- A: Separate checklists for `Quality release <https://docs.mattermost.com/process/bug-fix-release.html>`__ and `Feature release <https://docs.mattermost.com/process/feature-release.html>`__ were created.
```

**Q: How does Redux branching work?**

> 

Author: This needs an answer.

Reviewer: This can be removed for now.

Author: Done.
